feat: clarify how to configure a REST connection (#7185)
camunda/camunda-docs: versioned_docs/version-8.8/components/modeler/desktop-modeler/troubleshooting.md

Ensure your local orchestration cluster is running. If you don't have one installed, consider [Camunda 8 Run](/self-managed/quickstart/developer-quickstart/c8run.md), a lightweight all-in-one distribution.

> ## I need a REST connection for some features

Author: done

You try out [task testing](./task-testing.md) and Desktop Modeler tells you "Configure a REST connection to a Camunda 8 cluster."

> Some features of Desktop Modeler, such as task testing, require a REST connection to a Camunda 8 cluster. Orchestration clusters from version 8.6 support connections with gRPC or the newer [Orchestration Cluster REST API](../../../apis-tools/orchestration-cluster-api-rest/orchestration-cluster-api-rest-overview.md) and depending on the provided URL the according client will be used. Ensure you use the REST URL in your deployment configuration:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some features of Desktop Modeler, such as task testing, require a REST connection to a Camunda 8 cluster. Orchestration clusters from version 8.6 support connections with gRPC or the newer [Orchestration Cluster REST API](../../../apis-tools/orchestration-cluster-api-rest/orchestration-cluster-api-rest-overview.md). Depending on the provided URL, the corresponding client will be used. Ensure you use the REST URL in your deployment configuration:
```
